---
layout: post
title: Should I take part if I don’t experience any problems with drooling? 
categories: [Troubleshooting and Issues, Study Information, Getting Started]
author: Lorelle Dismore
---

We would like to ask participants to consider the potential benefits and features they would like from a wearable device designed for people with Parkinson's disease. We are also interested in hearing any additional ideas they may have for utilising the scheduling cueing and vibration capabilities of the device. In addition, we would like to gather feedback on the acceptability and usability of the device as both a piece of technology and an item of clothing. We would also appreciate general feedback on the mobile application and the process of setting up the device, including any thoughts on reflecting on their symptoms or completing form data. If you don’t experience problems with drooling, we would like you to sign up to the ‘free living’ aspect of the study.

In the future, we hope to expand the capabilities of the devices to support new scientific studies or features requested by people with Parkinson's disease. These devices have been designed to be reprogrammable for alternative uses beyond cueing for drooling. However, in order to achieve this, it is important that we design the band (hardware and onscreen content) and the mobile apps to be functional and user-friendly for people with Parkinson's disease. Therefore, our current focus is on ensuring that the devices meet these needs.